many have laid claim to inventing or
popularizing the corndog it is said to
have shown up at the State Fair of Texas
in the late 30s and early 40s and as the
pronto pup at the Minnesota State Fair
in 1941 wherever they first showed up we
can all agree that they are delish let's
get started
pour 1 quart of vegetable oil or as
needed into a large pot or a deep fryer
and heat to 365 degrees next add one cup
of yellow cornmeal one cup of flour 1/4
teaspoon of salt 1/8 of a teaspoon of
ground black pepper 1/4 cup of sugar and
four teaspoons of baking powder to a
bowl stir to combine stir in 1 egg and
one cup of milk
it's best to refrigerate the batter
before dipping the frankfurters while
the batter is chilling insert wooden
skewers into two 16-ounce packages and
beef frankfurters it helps to Pat these
dry so the batter sticks better transfer
the batter into a tall jar and roll the
frankfurters and batter to coat fully
gently lower corn dogs into preheated
oil and fry until lightly Brown three to
four minutes drain on paper towels and
repeat with the remaining corn dogs
whether you eat these corn dogs with
mustard or ketchup have fun and enjoy
the taste of fair food at home any time
of the year